 Speeches to make

Before we begin to talk about how to debug your programs, we need to know what kind of issues
we might have. Let's try to understand the bugs that might occur in your programs executions,
1 .) Most often happens is "Segmentatíon Fault" what is it?
	Seg fault : First of all what is segmentation? 
	we could say segmentation is a process, when you run your program the OS divides your prog-
	rams memory into two, Stack and Heap this process is called memory segmentation, and as you
	can guess we have to deal with these memory blocks carefully, but what happens when we messd
	up with these memory blocks? Well yes OS has to protect itself therefore it throws an error
	and provide some information in a file called core dumped. There are two types of cause for
	a seg fault, first messing up with stack part, you may ask we do not use malloc calloc or free
	how can we have a memory error still with stack? Well when u declare a local variable like it 
	stored in stack and in stack LIFO(last in first out) matters if u keep putting variables there
	like with a recursive function eventually it will be called stack overflow, another part is when
	certain amount of memory set in your variables like not only on stack, and try to reach out more 
	than that memory size you'll get seg fault too. It's kind of same for the heap part, when u allocate
	memory using malloc or calloc and then try to reach out more than u ask for usage in other saying 
	another memory block:) u'll get seg fault as well, let's see with a few examples, in the firs example
	we would like to write a little program in order to check how many pisciners passed the final exam:)
2. ) Memory Leaks
	As well mentioned earlier when we supposed to work with the heap which means dynamically allocated 
	memory, we may have another issues even we well learnt how to handle seg faults, when we allocate 
	a memory block we may counter some problems first one is allocation fauilure in this case we have 
	to set that memory block as empty, we'll see how to do that, if allocation is successfull and we're
	done with the variable we use, again we have to free that memory block we allocated in the first place
	what happens if we don't? Well let's check that out:)

3. ) How we can find out these errors mentioned? Well there are some tools we can use, first one we would 
	like to show you is GDB, so what is GDB? It stand for Gnu DeBugger and it's an open source software tool
	so as out codes are evolving so is GDB, anyway as mentioned earlier GDB uses core dump file to access what
	cause the fault of your program when there's seg fault, but how? and how to use it? Let's check it out.
4. ) Valgrind 

5. ) Printf 
